welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the godfather part 3
in 1979 michael corleone is approaching
60 racked with guilt over his ruthless
rise to power
especially for having ordered his
brother fredo's assassination
he donates millions to charitable causes
michael and kay are divorced their
children
anthony and mary live with kay
at the reception following a papal order
induction ceremony in saint patrick's
old cathedral in michael's honor
anthony tells his father that he is
leaving law school to become an opera
singer
kay supports his decision but michael
wants anthony to complete his law degree
first
nevertheless michael agrees to let
anthony go his own way
michael and kay have an uneasy reunion
when kaye reveals that she and anthony
know the truth about fredo's death
vincent mancini the illegitimate son of
michael's long dead brother
sunny arrives at the reception
michael's sister connie arranges for
vincent to settle a dispute
with his rival joey zasa but sasa calls
vincent a bastard
and vincent bites sauce's ear michael
troubled by vincent's fiery temper yet
impressed by his loyalty
agrees to include vincent in the family
business
michael knows that the head of the
vatican bank archbishop gilday
has accumulated a massive deficit and
offers 600 million dollars in exchange
for shares in internazionale a mobile
air
an international real estate company
which would make him its largest single
shareholder
he makes a tender offer to buy the
vatican's 25
share in the company which will give him
controlling interest
immobile heirs board approves the offer
pending ratification by the pope
don altobello a new york mafia boss and
connie's godfather
tells michael that his partners on the
commission want in on the immobile air
deal
michael pays them from the sale of his
las vegas holdings
salsa receives nothing and declaring
michael his enemy
storms out followed by altobello
moments later a helicopter hovers
outside the conference room and opens
fire
most of the bosses are killed but
michael vincent
and michael's bodyguard al-nary escape
michael realizes that alto bello is the
traitor
and suffers a diabetic stroke
as michael recuperates vincent and mary
begin a romance
while mary and connie give vincent
permission to retaliate against zasa
during a street festival vincent kills
zasa
michael berates vincent for his actions
and insists that vincent end his
relationship with mary
explaining vincent's involvement in the
family's criminal enterprises endangers
her life
the family goes to sicily for anthony's
operatic debut in palermo at the teatro
massimo
michael tells vincent to pretend to
defect from the corleone family
in order to spy on altobello altobello
introduces vincent to licio lucasi
a mobile heirs chairman michael visits
cardinal lombardo
anticipated being the next pope to
discuss the deal
lombardo persuades michael to make his
first confession in 30 years
during which michael tearfully confesses
that he ordered fredo's murder
lombardo says that michael deserves to
suffer for his sins
but can be redeemed michael discovers
that the immobile air deal is an
elaborate swindle
arranged by lucasy gilday and vatican
accountant frederick kinzig
vincent tells michael that altobello has
hired mosca
a veteran hitman to assassinate michael
mosca and his son disguised as priests
kill corleone family friend don tomasino
as he returns to his villa
while michael and kate tour sicily
michael asks for kay's forgiveness
and they admit they still love each
other
at tomasino's funeral michael vows to
sin no more
following the pope's death cardinal
lombardo is elected to succeed him and
the immobile air deal is ratified
the plotters against the ratification
attempt to cover their tracks and gilday
kills the new pope with poison tea
michael sees that vincent is a changed
man and names him the new dawn of the
corleone family
in return for ending his romance with
mary
the family sees anthony's performance in
cavallaria rusticana in palermo while
vincent exacts his revenge
vincent's men smother kinesig and then
hang him from a bridge
making his death look like a suicide at
the opera
connie gives altobello a poisoned
cannoli and watches them die from her
opera box
kaylo thomasino's former bodyguard stabs
lucasy in the neck with his own
spectacles
nary travels to the vatican where he
shoots and kills gilday
at the opera house during anthony's
performance
three of vincent's men search for moscow
but he overcomes them
mosca shoots michael wounding him and
the bullet passes through him and hits
mary
killing her vincent shoots and kills
mosca
michael cradles mary's lifeless body and
screams in agony
the scene fades out into a montage of
michael with k
mary and his first wife apollonia
years later an elderly michael is alone
in the courtyard of don thomasino's
villa
suddenly he slumps over in his chair and
falls to the ground
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you